CSS-10880 Improve documentation (#53)
canonical/superset-k8s-operator: documentation/tutorial/06-cleanup.md

# Cleanup

> Remove the juju applications, models and controller to completely cleanup the deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This final step of the tutorial focuses on removing Juju applications, models and controller to completely cleanup the deployment.
```

# Cleanup

> This is part of the

Reviewer: As aforementioned, we should provide a brief summary of the section

[Charmed Superset Tutorial]().
Please refer to this page for more information and the overview of the content.

> In this tutorial, we have successfully deployed Charmed Superset UI and created our first dashboard!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Removing the Controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Remove the controller
```

> If you’re done with testing and would like to free up resources on your machine, just run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re done with testing and would like to free up resources on your machine, run the following command:
```

```
juju destroy-controller -y --destroy-all-models --destroy-storage superset-controller
```

> Warning: when you remove the models as shown, you will lose all the data in PostgreSQL and any other applications inside the model!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note]
When you remove the models, all the data in PostgreSQL and any other applications inside the model are lost.
[/note]
```
Btter to be written as a note box

## Next Steps

> Wondering what to do next, take a look at some suggestions below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - [Prepare for a production deployment of Charmed Superset](../how-to/prepare-for-production.md)

Author: I made updates to the README.md which was meant to be a mock up of this homepage. I'll transfer it to discourse when I publish the rest as the homepage.
